README.md, before:

# My personal website

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io)

I've moved to using [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) to host my personal site, backed by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/).

I have only just set this up so expect numerous changes in the coming days.

## Installation

First clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io.git && cd cruikshanks.github.io
```

Then install the dependencies

```bash
bundle install
```

## Execution

To start the app use

```bash
bundle exec jekyll server
```

This should output something like the following

```bash
Configuration file: /Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io/_config.yml
Configuration file: /Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io/_config.yml
            Source: /Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io
       Destination: /Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io/_site
 Incremental build: disabled. Enable with --incremental
      Generating...
                    done in 0.397 seconds.
 Auto-regeneration: enabled for '/Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io'
Configuration file: /Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io/_config.yml
    Server address: http://127.0.0.1:4000/
  Server running... press ctrl-c to stop.
```

## Adding new posts

To add a new post create a file in the `_posts` directory with a filename formatted the following way `yyy-MM-dd-name-of-post.md`.

Then a the top of the file add the following front matter

```jekyll
---
layout: post
title: "The title of my post"
date: 2017-03-30
---
```

A link to the post will be automatically added to the index.html page.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/cruikshanks/freakin-hapi-app.

## License

This code is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

> If you don't add a license it's neither free or open!

Commit message:

Add creative commons license auto to all posts
The content of the site is different from the code of the site. As such I believe an appropriate license should be applied to each post to make it clear to anyone who wishes to use anything what they can do with the content. The MIT license for the code already covers the actual code elements.

Having used the tools available at https://creativecommons.org/choose/ this change adds a Creative Commons license notification to the posts layout so that each post automatically gets license details added to the footer.

It also updates the README to cover details about the use of the two types of licenses, and adds a plain text copy of the creative commons license to the `_posts` folder.

README.md, after:

# My personal website

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io)

I've moved to using [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) to host my personal site, backed by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/).

I have only just set this up so expect numerous changes in the coming days.

## Installation

First clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io.git && cd cruikshanks.github.io
```

Then install the dependencies

```bash
bundle install
```

## Execution

To start the app use

```bash
bundle exec jekyll server
```

This should output something like the following

```bash
Configuration file: /Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io/_config.yml
Configuration file: /Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io/_config.yml
            Source: /Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io
       Destination: /Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io/_site
 Incremental build: disabled. Enable with --incremental
      Generating...
                    done in 0.397 seconds.
 Auto-regeneration: enabled for '/Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io'
Configuration file: /Users/acruikshanks/projects/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io/_config.yml
    Server address: http://127.0.0.1:4000/
  Server running... press ctrl-c to stop.
```

## Adding new posts

To add a new post create a file in the `_posts` directory with a filename formatted the following way `yyy-MM-dd-name-of-post.md`.

Then a the top of the file add the following front matter

```jekyll
---
layout: post
title: "The title of my post"
date: 2017-03-30
---
```

A link to the post will be automatically added to the index.html page.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/cruikshanks/cruikshanks.github.io.

## License

This code is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). The content of all posts are licensed under the [Creative commons license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

> If you don't add a license it's neither free or open!
